update TiDB v3.0.18 release notes (#3682)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-3.0.18.md

---
title: TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes
---

# TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes

Release date: August 21, 2020

TiDB version: 3.0.18

## Bug Fixes

+ TiDB

    - Fix wrong hash key for decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)
    - Fix an encode bug that causing the wrong result of hashJoin with set and enum [#19172](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19172)

+ TiKV

>     - Change GC failure log to Warning level [#8444](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8444)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Change GC failure log to Warning level [#8444](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8444)

+ TiDB Lightning

    - Fix the issue that the argument `--log-file` does not take effect [#345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/345)
    - Fix syntax error on empty binary/hex literals when using TiDB backend [#357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/357)
    - Fix the unexpected `switch-mode` in TiDB backend [#368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/368)

## Improvements

+ TiDB Binlog

    - Support go time duration format for pump GC configuration [#996](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/996)

```

---
title: TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes
---

# TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes

Release date: August 21, 2020

TiDB version: 3.0.18

## Bug Fixes

+ TiDB

>     - Fix wrong hash key for decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)
>     - Fix an encode bug that causing the wrong result of hashJoin with set and enum [#19172](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19172)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix wrong hash key for decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)
    - Fix an encode bug that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with set and enum [#19172](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19172)
    - Fix insert duplication check does not take effect after pessimistic lock on keys [#19236](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19236)
    - Fix error result of apply with union scan [#19297](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19297)
    - Fix wrong result for some cached plans used in transaction [#19274](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19274)
```

---
title: TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes
---

# TiDB 3.0.18 Release Notes

Release date: August 21, 2020

TiDB version: 3.0.18

## Bug Fixes

+ TiDB

>     - Fix wrong hash key for decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix wrong hash key that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with for decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)
```

>     - Fix wrong hash key that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with decimal [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the wrong handling of the `decimal` type by the `Hash` function causes the wrong HashJoin result [#19185](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19185)
```

>     - Fix an encode bug that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with set and enum [#19172](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19172)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix an encode bug that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with set and enum [#19175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19175)
```

>     - Fix wrong hash key that causing the wrong result of HashJoin with set and enum [#19175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19175)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the wrong handling of the `set` and `enum` types by the `Hash` function causes the wrong HashJoin result [#19175](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19175)
```

>     - Fix insert duplication check does not take effect after pessimistic lock on keys [#19236](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19236)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the check for duplicate keys fails in the pessimistic locking mode [#19236](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19236)
```

>     - Fix error result of apply with union scan [#19297](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19297)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `Apply` and `Union Scan` operators cause the wrong execution result [#19297](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19297)
```

>     - Fix wrong result for some cached plans used in transaction [#19274](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19274)

Reviewer 3: @winoros PTAL
```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that some cached execution plans are incorrectly executed in transaction [#19274](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/19274)
```

Reviewer 4: lgtm

+ TiKV

>     - Change GC failure log to Warning level [#8444](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8444)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Change the GC failure log from `error` to the `warning` level [#8444](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8444)
```

+ TiDB Lightning

>     - Fix the issue that the argument `--log-file` does not take effect [#345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/345)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `--log-file` argument does not take effect [#345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/345)
```

>     - Fix syntax error on empty binary/hex literals when using TiDB backend [#357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/357)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the syntax error on empty binary/hex literals when using TiDB-backend [#357](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/357)
```

>     - Fix the unexpected `switch-mode` in TiDB backend [#368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/368)

Reviewer 3: @kennytm PTAL
```suggestion
    - Fix the unexpected `switch-mode` call when using TiDB-backend [#368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/368)
```

Reviewer 5: lgtm

## Improvements

+ TiDB Binlog

>     - Support go time duration format for pump GC configuration [#996](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/996)

Reviewer 3: @lichunzhu PTAL
```suggestion
    - Support the time duration format of Go for the Pump GC configuration [#996](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/996)
```

Reviewer 6: LGTM
